[Music]
the boarding call for flight
0:09 Emily I just I had to see you one
more time before you took off you are so
sweet that's that's a big candy bar I
had the most amazing time with you me
tea
well that's me
yeah have this I'm only allowed one
piece of carry-on anyway wait listen I
have to tell you something um I've been
thinking I'm just gonna come out and say
it okay I I think I love you
Oh
thank you
it's no problem
hello yes Emily hi uh how was your
flight it was dreadful I felt terrible
about how I acted when you said those
wonderful things no no that'sthat's all
right um I'm just glad you called
Ross there's something that I've got to
tell you if this there's someone else
does that mean the same thing in England
as it does in America are we in London
what are you doing here you can't be
here I've come to talk to Ross I was
gonna call him but you came to tell him
you love him I knew it I was right I'm
right right I'd really rather talk to
him I been to his apartment and he's not
there and I need to talk to him so do
you have any idea where he is
gross are you there
[Music]
I don't know if you can hear this but
I'm gonna talk anyway I'm in states with
your sister and your friends and it's
all over with : I came here to tell you
that yes joy you can have all the
chocolate you want just take it I came
here to tell you that I love you I love
you too okay I'm gonna call you right
now from the phone booth you can't hear
me I wish I could know if you'd heard
any of that I suppose I've just either
told you that I love you or I've given
my neighbor's a good laugh mrs. Newman
if you're listening bugger off this is
none of your business
suppose there's not much chance you did
hear that and there's the call waiting
so I should go oh well
hello Russ I love you